Customer Service
	Who is responsible for customer service?
	Do you have a formal help desk?
	How are help-desk calls handled?
	Who answers the calls, and what training do they receive?
	Is there a ticket system?
	Who responds to the requests?
	Who confirms fulfillment of the request?
	How are recurring or systemic problems distilled from the general pool of help desk requests?
	What level of service is expected to be provided for end user support? In other words, what is the typical turnaround for an administrative request (e.g. new e-mail alias, additional storage quota, application installation)?
	Are there any other unique or interesting aspects to Customer Service that were not captured in the previous questions?

End User Infrastructure
	Which desktop Operating Systems are supported?
	Which additional unsupported desktop Operating Systems are allowed (or disallowed) if any?
	Are most systems deployed to the LAN?
	What is the desktop LAN infrastructure (switch speeds, wire speeds, routing)?
	Are wireless networks employed? If so, for what purpose and for which users?
	In what capacity are handheld devices (PDAs, Blackberrys, iPhone) supported?
	Is a blackberry server used?
	Are personally-owned PCs or handheld devices allowed on premesis, allowed to use the infrastructure, or permitted for use in any official capacity?
	How is desktop hardware maintained? Is there a site-wide hardware maintenance plan, or handled at a departmental level?
	Are there any other unique or interesting aspects to End User Infrastructure that were not captured in the previous questions?

Server Infrastructure
	What server OS are employed? What is the IT department's preferred platform (primary expertise), if any?
	Are any of the OSs being favored or deprecated?
	What types of hardware are used (e.g. shelf, rack, blade)?
	How would you describe the overall capacity of the server infrastructure? What aspects are under-performing? What aspects have excess capacity?
	How is server hardware maintained? What is the maintenance plan? How are budgets allocated for maintenance and upgrades?
	Is there a site-wide file storage system provided (compulsory)?
	Is an enterprise indexing system (e.g. Google appliance, Microsoft Index Server) employed?
	Is there any enterprise-wide Content Management System?
	How is e-mail supported (Exchange)? What is used for virus protection, spam filtering, etc.?
	Are there any other unique or interesting aspects to Server Infrastructure that were not captured in the previous questions?

Connectivity
	What are the bandwidth and throughput limits on the Internet connection? Are these physical limits or artificial (i.e. you could pay for more)?
	What quality of service (uptime, etc) is guaranteed by your Internet Service Provider?
	What are the consequences of Internet downtime?  Who complains (internal and external)? Which staff members (if any) are disabled without Internet?
	Is a backup connection in place? Is it configured for automatic or manual failover? What services failover and which depend on the primary connectivity?
	How is remote access provided, if any (e.g. VPN, direct)?
	To what extent is IT involved in telephony support? Is VoIP depolyed in any official capacity?
	What steps have been taken toward the IPv6 transition?

Policies and Procedures
	How are policies relating to Information Services established and enforced?
	Are policies written and maintained centrally?
	Do you have an employee acceptable use policy? How frequently are employees required or encouraged to review the policy?
	Are written policies available to end-users? If so, how are they published?
	What are the procedures for policy deviance?
	How are policy exception requests handled?
	How are policy changes enacted and disseminated?
	How is configuration management maintained? How are deviations from a baseline configuration documented?
	Are automated logging and auditing tools employed to enforce policies? If so, which tools and how are they employed?
	Are there areas where policies and procedures are inadequate or where an inordinate amount of manual intervention is required to maintain the policies?

Centralized Management
	How are software applications requested, licensed, and deployed?
	What tools are used for centralized management (directory services, group policies, automatic updates)?
	Do you have any desktop virtualization infrastructure (VDI) plans? If so, what is the status of the effort?
	How are centralized management practices enforced for offsite or offline clients?
	How is local storage (local hard disk, flash disk, etc) managed?
	Is a formal disaster recovery plan in place? How is it updated? Are plans in place for in place for loss of critical resources (data, hardware, administrators)?
	Are backups of critical data periodically validated for proper coverage?
	Can you identify any single-point-of-failure not already covered?
	Are there any other unique or interesting aspects to Centralized Management that were not captured in the previous questions?

Information Security
	How are security updates applied to desktop and server systems?
	Do you have a security awareness program for employees? How frequent is the information refreshed? How frequently are employees required or encouraged to review the information?
	What connectivity controls (firewalls) are used throughout the organization? How are policies defined, refined?
	What antivirus or other security software is employed officially?
	Has any formal penetration testing been performed on the information systems? If so, when and were all identified vulnerabilities corrected?
	How do individuals authenticate (i.e. password, smart card, etc)? How is lost access recovered?
	How are access controls used to restrict access to sensitive resources (Active Directory roles, groups, machines)?
	What logs are actively maintained, and what are the retention policies for those logs?
	How is access removed during employee offboarding or other role change?
	Is data encryption employed (optional or compulsory)? How are keys managed? What is the recovery policy?
	Are any database systems maintaining table-level or row-level security?
	Do you have a formal intrusion detection system (other than basic logging) for monitoring networks and alerting to anomalies?
	Are there any other unique or interesting aspects to Information Security that were not captured in the previous questions?

Enterprise Application Services
	How does EMS integrate with the corporate infrastructure?
	Who supports EMS?
	What application platforms and languages are employed (e.g. J2EE, ASP/.Net, Oracle, C#, Java, Javascript, CSS)?
	Are external hosting providers used for any applications? If so, who provides the hosting and what are the applications?
	To what extent is cloud computing employed (i.e. Google docs, Amazon S3 storage, virtualized hosting)?
	What systems are employed for payroll, timekeeping, asset tracking and property management, logistics, and enterprise financials?
	What other databases exist at the facility (relational databases, object databases, custom data structures other than file systems)?
	What e-commerce mechanisms are utilized? Is this capability standardized or implemented at the departmental level?
	Does e-commerce customer data flow through the 4-H network or is it stored on 4-H servers? In other words, how is sensitive customer data (credit cards, personal identity info) integrated into the 4-H application services?
	What applications does IT supply to support fundraising efforts?
	Is a commercial Customer Resource Management (CRM) in use? Are there other CRM techniques employed?
	How does IT support networking and collaboration with external partners and clients?
	How does IT support video production and video hosting?
	Are any IT services outsourced? Please describe.
	Are there any other unique or interesting aspects to Enterprise Application Services that were not captured in the previous questions?

Additional Questions
	What do you consider your primary IT role at the organization?
	How is Sharepoint used?
	What is Lyris?
	What is "hospitality software (Delphi, Visual One)", and how is it supported through IT, if at all (referenced in CNA)?
	How are "gadgets", such as the wind gadget, employed (referenced in CNA)?
	Does IT help support services such as Facebook and Twitter (referenced in CNA)?
	How as MAS500 utilized?
	How are Google Maps or other GIS services supported?
	Are there any other comments or concerns regarding Information Technology at your organization that you feel needs more attention?
